# PowerShell Fuctions
 A scratch pad of my many custom fucntions in powershell


## Office365 Connection Related

### A Note on Creds.xml
The creds.xml file is generated by any of the New-*Connection cmdlets and allows for autoreconnection should a session drop mid user migration
This file is encrypted with a per user encryption key provided by windows.
These files are not portable and cannot be moved from one machine to another, or one user profile to another.

Whilst a Creds.xml is encrypted. It should be looked after like a certificate, should your user profile be compromised it is possible for someone to write a script and execute it in your profile to retrieve the stored credentials.

### New-MSOLConnection
Clears any existing MSOL Connections and connects to MSOL, if user creds arent in memory, the function checks for a creds.xml file in the local folder and loads it into memory.
Should the Creds.xml not be found, it will prompt the user to provide credentials and write a new creds.xml in the current folder.


### New-SFBOConnection
Clears any existing MSOL Connections and connects to MSOL, if user creds arent in memory, the function checks for a creds.xml file in the local folder and loads it into memory.
Should the Creds.xml not be found, it will prompt the user to provide credentials and write a new creds.xml in the current folder.

### New-EXHOConnection




### Test-EXHOConnection 
This function will test if the current PowerShell Session is connected to Exchange Online and that the PSSession isnt broken
If its not connected for any reason, it will then invoke New-EXHOConnection to reconnect
